Tighten JSON parser (#7896)
microsoft/CCF: CHANGELOG.md

- Upgraded QuickJS from 2024-01-13 to 2025-09-13 (#7849).
- On a joiner's first attempt, the primary now requires the joiner's startup seqno to be at least as recent as the primary's latest committed snapshot on disk, preventing snapshot-less joiners from replaying the entire ledger (#7844).

> - JSON parsing now rejects inputs whose object/array nesting depth exceeds 64 levels (TBD issue number).

Author: @copilot go ahead

> - JSON parsing now rejects inputs whose object/array nesting depth exceeds 64 levels (TBD issue number).

Author: @copilot apply changes based on [this feedback](https://github.com/microsoft/CCF/pull/7896#discussion_r3249628006)

> - JSON parsing now rejects inputs whose object/array nesting depth exceeds 64 levels (TBD issue number).

Author: @copilot apply changes based on [this feedback](https://github.com/microsoft/CCF/pull/7896#discussion_r3249628006)

> - JSON parsing now rejects inputs whose object/array nesting depth exceeds 64 levels (TBD issue number).

Author: ```suggestion
- JSON parsing now can reject inputs whose object/array nesting depth exceeds a certain value (7896).
```
